[music]
You know, we sit here, we get lined up,
we go, "Okay, I'm going to do a grab or
I'm going to do a showman strike or I'm
going to do whatever." And he knows and
he's ready and he gets [music] and he
does his thing and he knows what's
coming and he moves in relationship to
it or whatever and he's there. The
problem is uh when you're
trying to remember what you're [music]
supposed to buy at the store and then
all of a sudden there's somebody coming
at you
and uh you know you're nowhere and and
then there's this attack coming. How
quickly you can go from that oh my god
to okay.
And so that's why I say thank you. this
practice is so fundamental and if you
can find little ways to do it uh and
without getting paranoid. So when you're
at the store trying to think which
product you should buy, then think all
of a sudden what if somebody jumps you
know how quickly could you get back to
it,
>> you know, and you start doing that
without getting too weird or kinky and
you don't even need to do anything, you
know? It's just like in your own mind,
you just you just feel okay. You you
could be here if you had to really
quickly. I think that if we're really
going to talk martial arts, unless we're
talking a tournament where you're
preparing and you train for it and you
know when it's going to start and you
have rules and but we're just talking
out of nowhere, you don't know what they
got a stick, they got a knife, they're
[music] crazy, they're whatever. And for
you to just come into this place where
you're
[snorts] if I may
instead of oh my god
but that's because the impulse to
breathe and your volition breath are
separate
once you're in that unified field you're
and I saw so many good ones but I saw so
many where there was that stopping and
then and then there was this
and and again my sense is it's [music]
you know we pad the floor we dress in
funny costumes. We bow to each other. Uh
it's time to practice.
And if you don't practice,
then you'll always kind of do this.
And there's a time for that,
but not when someone's attacking you.
And so being able to just explode with
your energy
boom and not explode but boom explode to
be able to go there and I know that you
know you shouldn't do in the library but
if you don't practice it if [music] you
keep practicing
I just I wouldn't want to face someone
in that tone not someone who's hostile
and violent [music] and you know you're
back into your hour and what you do has
the effect that you want it to have. So,
uh, and then usually, you know, we do
something, we stop. This is a very
[music] static form that we were working
with yesterday. Let's take another
minute. Push. Push. And start the blend
again. Just a couple.
And then we'll start to move. And then
we'll pick it up another notch. Please.
Anyhow, I want you to understand why
we're putting so much into those simple
practices, cuz they're really what's
important. [music]
The
>> [music]